replication: anon replicas don't participate in elections (#10817)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10561-anon-replicas-dont-participate-in-elections.md

## bugfix/replication

* Fixed a bug when anonymous replicas could participate in elections or even

>   be chosen as a leader. It is now forbidden to configure a replica so
>   `replication_anon == true` and `election_mode != 'off'` (gh-10561).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be chosen as a leader. It is now forbidden to configure a replica so
  that `replication_anon` is `true` and `election_mode` is not `off`
  (gh-10561).
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

## bugfix/replication

* Fixed a bug when anonymous replicas could participate in elections or even
  be chosen as a leader. It is now forbidden to configure a replica so

>   that `replication_anon` is `true` and `election_mode` is not `off`

Author: Wait, but the changes suggested by the doc team have already been applied here?

>   that `replication_anon` is `true` and `election_mode` is not `off`

Author: Fixed.
